## Intranet Meeting 03-09-18
- [] update home pic tampa or pensacola, bridge or skyline
- [] links to executive summaries from exec for Frank
- [ ] Work on Procedures Template and hold on others. Build templates in Sharepoint based on Teresa's templates. 
https://dorsp13.fdor.dor.state.fl.us/sites/gta/process/am/Pages/amDocs.aspx


## Previous Intranet Meeting 03-02-18
- [x] Meet at 10 with Tara and group
- [x] Reduce space beneath buttons and blue line on gta main page 
- [x] Push word featured to next line in spotlight on
- [x] Fix size of NEW so it won't cover communication (Maybe try center pic in center and center title)
- [ ] Create training list courselist gta program training course like knowledge central, have different taxes, build relational list. Also add CPE credit data to list
- [ ] Teresa will send templates for content types.  Then build templates in Sharepoint.
- [ ] Grace will edit tec purpose and activities and send it back for update
- [x] Updated wft/suntax support with info from Bobbie's email
- [x] Change Child Support link to Child Support Program
- [ ] Create lobby informational show

## Intranet Meeting 02-23-18 and 02-26-18
- [x] Change buttons to 25% size
- [ ] Grace will edit tec purpose and activities and send it back for update
- [x] Update TEC phone list with Grace's list from her email
- [x] Build Frank's page blank template for planning and performance
- [ ] Create training list courselist gta program training course like knowledge central, have different taxes, build relational list. Also add CPE credit data to list
- [ ] Teresa will send templates for content types.  Then build templates in Sharepoint.
- [x] Gail is working on AM library example.

### *Notes*
grid-image {
    width: 20%;
    float: left;
    padding: 5px;
}

white-box > h3 {
    font-size: 18px;
}

h3 {
    letter-spacing: 2px;
}

orgRow h3 {
    min-height: 35px;
}

.white-box>p {
    margin-left: 80px;
}

'#orgRow h3 {
    margin-left: 80px;
}

.white-box {
    min-height: 80px;
}

## Previous Intranet Meeting 02-16-18
- [x] Change color of map background so they know to click
- [x] Change buttons to make smaller under GTA / maybe more horizontal
- [x] Remove all in language for solution support / in the area of replace with for
    delete desktops, laptops, monitors and change to including keep etc
    Solution Support Services coordinates with Information Services Program (ISP) when needed.
- [x] Add Bobbie's contact info for TEC and WFT from email
    Reemployment Tax Support, Sales and Use Tax Support
- [x] Push Receivables Management after work today
- [x] Recievables Management take Georgeann off contacts
- [x] Debra - remove senior revenue admin
- [x] take off all titles
- [ ] next friday discuss Frank's area/pages


### *Work Notes*
.goals > .overviewDesciption-container:hover {
    background-color: #00549d;
    transition: 1s;
}

.goals > .overviewDesciption-container {
    border-radius: 5px;
}

.goals > .overviewDesciption-container img{
    border-radius: 5px;
}
